Setup</br>
------------
* PCS input files </br>
The PCSs are measured experimentally. The experimental details can be found in this publication: Crick, D. J. et al. Integral membrane protein structure determination using pseudocontact shifts. J. Biomol. NMR 61, 197–207 (2015). </br>
Setup Experimental NMR data in a file format that ROSETTA can understand. </br>
PCSs from each metal goes into a separate Numbat (.npc) file </br>
npc file is in the format </br>
  residue | spin | pcs  | tolerance </BR>
     36   |  H   | 0.05 |  0.0       </BR>


* The Broker configuration </BR>
See the "./broker-ts4.txt" for the details and adapt it to your own system. The description of  individual parameters are given as comments within the broker file.
The 'PseudocontactShiftEnergyController' Claimer defines the parameters for input PCS data and spherical grid to search for metal center and to fit the PCS data.  The method for grid search for a single tag is described in (Schmitz et al) and the extension for multiple tags is given in (Yagi et al). </br>


* References: </br>
1. Schmitz C, Vernon R, Otting G, Baker D, Huber T (2012) Protein structure determination from pseudocontact shifts using ROSETTA. J Mol Biol 416: 668–677. doi:10.1016/j.jmb.2011.12.056. </br>
2. Yagi H, Pilla KB, Maleckis A, Graham B, Huber T, et al. (2013) Three-dimensional protein fold determination from backbone amide pseudocontact shifts generated by lanthanide tags at multiple sites. Structure 21: 883–890. doi:10.1016/j.str.2013.04.001. </br>
